h1. CP Pad Lock

This extension was just thrown together for my particular environment and a small need I had. Your mileage may vary.

Enabling this extension locks down the CP to Super Admins only. When a non-Super Admin tries to login or access a CP page they are presented with a system message which you can customize in the extension settings.

It is a very basic extension right now but have a set of features I intend to add down the road. Let me know if you have any requests or suggestions. Contact "me on twitter":http://twitter.com/erikreagan or via "my website":http://erikreagan.com/contact/.


h2. Compatibility

* ExpressionEngine 1.6.x+
* ExpressionEngine 2.x+


h2. Installation

*For EE1*
* Copy <code>cp_pad_lock/ext.cp_pad_lock_ext.php</code> to your <code>system/extensions</code> directory
* Copy <code>cp_pad_lock/language/english/lang.cp_pad_lock.php</code> to your <code>system/language/english</code> directory

*For EE2*
* Copy <code>cp_pad_lock</code> to your <code>system/ExpressionEngine/third_party</code> directory

*For Both*
* Enable the extension & customize the message (if you aren't a Super Admin you will immediately be unable to access the CP)


h2. Change Log

+*Nov 7, 2010: 1.5.0*+

* Updated to EE2 compatible
* Added extension settings for message content
* Removed dependency for system offline message location

*April 29, 2010: 1.0.0*

* Initial Release


h2. To Do Thoughts

* Add a visual indicator in the CP when the Pad Lock is on (reminding the Super Admins(s) to turn it off eventually)
* Allow settings to choose member groups to lock out when enabled (rather that just Super Admins)
* Allow for customization of "Locked out" message/view